osdocs-1713 - new launch page (#29263)
openshift/openshift-docs: welcome/learn_more_about_openshift.adoc

[id="learn_more_about_openshift"]
= Learn more about {product-title}
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: welcome-personas

toc::[]

> Use the sections below to find content that will help you learn about and use {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following sections to find content to help you learn about and use {product-title}.
```

[id="architect"]
== Architect

[options="header",cols="3*"]
|===

> | Learn about OpenShift |Plan an OpenShift Deployment |Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Learn about {product-title} |Plan an {product-title} deployment |Additional resources
```

| link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/enterprise-kubernetes-with-openshift-part-one?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC[Enterprise Kubernetes with OpenShift]
| link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4128421[Tested platforms]

> | link:https://www.openshift.com/blog?hsLang=en-us[Openshift blogs]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| link:https://www.openshift.com/blog?hsLang=en-us[OpenShift blog]
```

> | xref:../architecture/architecture.adoc#architecture-overview-architecture[Architecture]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../architecture/architecture.adoc#architecture[Architecture]
```

| xref:../security/container_security/security-understanding.adoc#understanding-security[Security and compliance]
| link:https://www.openshift.com/learn/whats-new[What's New in {product-title}]

|
| xref:../networking/understanding-networking.adoc#understanding-networking[Networking]
| link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift#ocp4_phases[{product-title} Life Cycle]

|

> | xref:../backup_and_restore/backing-up-etcd.adoc[Backup and restore]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../backup_and_restore/backing-up-etcd.adoc#backup-etcd[Backup and restore]
```

|

|
| xref:../scalability_and_performance/recommended-install-practices.adoc#recommended-cluster-install-practices[Performance and scalability]
|===

[id="cluster-administrator"]
== Cluster Administrator

[options="header",cols="4*"]
|===

> |Learn about OpenShift |Deploy OpenShift |Manage OpenShift |Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Learn about OpenShift |Deploy OpenShift |Manage OpenShift |Additional resources
```

| link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/enterprise-kubernetes-with-openshift-part-one?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC[Enterprise Kubernetes with OpenShift]

> | xref:../installing/installing-preparing.adoc[Installing {product-title}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../installing/installing-preparing.adoc#installing-preparing[Installing {product-title}]
```

| xref:../support/remote_health_monitoring/using-insights-to-identify-issues-with-your-cluster.adoc[Using Insights to identify issues with your cluster]
| xref:../support/getting-support.adoc[Getting Support]

> | xref:../architecture/architecture.adoc#architecture-overview-architecture[Architecture]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../architecture/architecture.adoc#architecture[Architecture]
```

> | xref:../post_installation_configuration/machine-configuration-tasks.adoc[Post installation configuration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../post_installation_configuration/machine-configuration-tasks.adoc#using-insights-to-identify-issues-with-your-cluster[Post installation configuration]
```

> | xref:../logging/cluster-logging.adoc[Logging]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../logging/cluster-logging.adoc#cluster-logging[Logging]
```

| link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4217411[OpenShift Knowledgebase Articles]

> | link:https://learn.openshift.com/?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC[Interactive Learning Portal]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| link:https://learn.openshift.com/?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC[OpenShift Interactive Learning Portal]
```

| xref:../networking/understanding-networking.adoc#understanding-networking[Networking]

> | xref:../monitoring/understanding-the-monitoring-stack.adoc[Monitoring]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../monitoring/understanding-the-monitoring-stack.adoc#understanding-the-monitoring-stack[Monitoring]
```

| link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift#ocp4_phases[{product-title} Life Cycle]

|

> | xref:../storage/understanding-ephemeral-storage.adoc[Storage]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../storage/understanding-ephemeral-storage.adoc#understanding-ephemeral-storage[Storage]
```

|
|

|

> | xref:../backup_and_restore/backing-up-etcd.adoc[Backup and restore]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../backup_and_restore/backing-up-etcd.adoc#backup-etcd[Backup and restore]
```

|
|

|

> | xref:../updating/updating-cluster-between-minor.adoc[Updating a cluster]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../updating/updating-cluster-between-minor.adoc#updating-cluster-between-minor[Updating a cluster]
```

|
|

|===

[id="application_site_reliability_engineer"]
== Application Site Reliability Engineer (App SRE)

[options="header",cols="3*"]
|===

> |Learn about OpenShift |Deploy and Manage Applications |Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Learn about {product-title} |Deploy and manage applications |Additional resources
```

> | link:https://learn.openshift.com/?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC[Interactive Learning Portal]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| link:https://learn.openshift.com/?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001Css5AAC[OpenShift Interactive Learning Portal]
```

> | xref:../applications/projects/working-with-projects.adoc[Projects]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../applications/projects/working-with-projects.adoc#working-with-projects[Projects]
```

> | xref:../support/getting-support.adoc[Getting Support]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../support/getting-support.adoc#getting-support[Getting support]
```

> | xref:../architecture/architecture.adoc#architecture-overview-architecture[Architecture]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../architecture/architecture.adoc#architecture[Architecture]
```

> | xref:../operators/understanding/olm-what-operators-are.adoc[Operators]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../operators/understanding/olm-what-operators-are.adoc#olm-what-operators-are[Operators]
```

| link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4217411[OpenShift Knowledgebase Articles]

|

> | xref:../logging/cluster-logging.adoc[Logging (Product Documentation)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../logging/cluster-logging.adoc#cluster-logging[Logging]
```

| link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift#ocp4_phases[{product-title} Life Cycle]

|

> | link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/tag/logging[Logging (Blog)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| link:https://www.openshift.com/blog/tag/logging[Blogs about logging]
```

|

|

> | xref:../monitoring/understanding-the-monitoring-stack.adoc[Monitoring]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../monitoring/understanding-the-monitoring-stack.adoc#understanding-the-monitoring-stack[Monitoring]
```

|

|
|===

[id="Developer"]
== Developer

[options="header",cols="2*"]
|===

> |Learn about application development in OpenShift |Deploy applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Learn about application development in {product-title} |Deploy applications
```

| link:https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift/getting-started#assembly-field-sections-13455[Getting started with OpenShift for developers (interactive tutorial)]

> | xref:../applications/application_life_cycle_management/odc-creating-applications-using-developer-perspective.adoc[Creating applications]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../applications/application_life_cycle_management/odc-creating-applications-using-developer-perspective.adoc#odc-creating-applications-using-developer-perspective[Creating applications]
```

| link:https://developers.redhat.com/[Red Hat Developers site]

> | xref:../builds/understanding-image-builds.adoc[Builds]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../builds/understanding-image-builds.adoc#understanding-image-builds[Builds]
```

| link:https://developers.redhat.com/products/codeready-workspaces/overview[Red Hat CodeReady Workspaces]

> | xref:../operators/understanding/olm-what-operators-are.adoc[Operators]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../operators/understanding/olm-what-operators-are.adoc#olm-what-operators-are[Operators]
```

|

> | xref:../openshift_images/images-understand.adoc[Images]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../openshift_images/images-understand.adoc#understanding-images[Images]
```

|

> | xref:../cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/understanding-odo.adoc[Developer-focused CLI]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:../cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/understanding-odo.adoc#understanding-odo[Developer-focused CLI]
```
